Update RadioButtons.md (#2398)
coveo/plasma: packages/website/docs/RadioButtons.md

# Best Practices

Use radio buttons to have users select only one option from a short list.

Radio buttons always come in a set of 2 or more options.

> To present a binary choice (e.g., on/off), do not use radio buttons. Consider using a stand-alone checkbox instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To present a binary choice (e.g., on/off), do not use radio buttons. Consider using a [Toggle](#/form/FlatSelect) instead.
```
Just to avoid contradiction with the Related Components section

> When presenting only two options, ensure that these options have explicitly different outcomes (e.g., landscape/portrait layout). If they rather have opposing results, consider using a stand-alone checkbox instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When presenting only two options, ensure that these options have explicitly different outcomes (e.g., landscape/portrait layout). If they rather have opposing results, consider using a stand-alone [Checkbox](#/form/Checkbox) instead.
```
Adding link for easier navigation

Aim for seven or less options. If that's impossible, consider using the [Single select](#/form/SingleSelect) instead.

Options should be sorted by most relevant unless a more suited ordering rationale applies, for example when listing size or security level options. If no rationale stands out, place options in alphanumerical order.

> ## Text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Labeling
```

Keep titles and labels short, preferably **under three words**.

### Title

A set of radio buttons must have a title that identifies the type of options available.

Provide a descriptive title without action verbs. For example, write "Print layout" rather than "Select a print layout".

### Labels

Labels identify each option and should be self-explanatory.

Use a consistent writing style for all options in the list.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We have an extra line here

> ## Feedback and validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Feedback and Validation
```

Always preselect an option as the default. The default option can identify:

> - The recommended path when you want to assist the user

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- The recommended path when you want to assist the user.
```

- The most commonly selected option when you want to help expedite the task.
If preselecting a default option increases the risk of irreversible changes or security issues, always use the least risky option as the default. 

> IWhen the user needs to be able to easily revert to the default option, for instance when testing between different configurations, add “(recommended)” or “(default)” to the appropriate option label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user needs to be able to easily revert to the default option, for instance when testing configurations, add “(recommended)” or “(default)” to the appropriate option label.
```

# Best Practices

Use radio buttons to require user to select only one option from a short list.

Radio buttons always come in set of 2 or more options.

> Do not use radio button for a simple binary choice (on/off), instead consider using a stand-alone checkbox.

Reviewer: Also, at the bottom, we say to use a Toggle for binary options?

When choosing between only two options, make sure the options have explicitly different outcomes rather then opposing states.

> -   E.g. Choosing between Landscape and Portrait layouts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Try to limit the number of available options under 7. If impossible, consider busing the [Single-Select](#/form/MultiSelect)

Options should be order by most relevant unless a more suited ordering rational applies (such as for sizes or security levels). If no rational particularly stands-out, use alphanumerical order.

> ## Labeling

Reviewer 2: :thinking: We can try it see if it works :smile:

Keep titles and labels short, preferably **under three words**.

### Title

A set of radio button always require a title to identify the type of options available.

Use descriptive labels without action verb.

-   E.g. Use "Print Layout" instead of "Select your print layout".

### Labels

> Labels are used to name each option and should be self-explanatory as much as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Labels identify each option and should be self-explanatory.
```

Use a consistent writing style for all options in the list.

## Feedback and validation

> Always preselect an option in the list as the default option. The default option can reflect the recommended path when we want to give assistance to the user, or the most commonly selected option if we want to expedite the tasks. If preselecting an option increases the risk of irrevertable changes or security issues (such as privileges), always use the least risky option as the default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always preselect an option as the default. The default option can identify:
- The recommended path when you want to assist the user
- The most commonly selected option when you want to help expedite the task.
If preselecting a default option increases the risk of irreversible changes or security issues, always use the least risky option as the default. 
```
@kpoulincoveo First sentence says "always preselect a default", but the last sentences could imply that preselecting a default is optional... I just want to make sure it's indeed mandatory to select a default option? (Don't commit this suggestion yet, I'll adjust the sentence depending on what you confirm 😉 )

> Indicate which options from the list are the default or recommended one so user can easily revert back to it.

Reviewer: @kpoulincoveo I'd like to specify how it should be indicated... Is it with text? Example:
`option xyz (recommended)`

> If this choice is optional, add a neutral option so the user can explicitly choose to not select any option.
> 
> -   E.g. : Add the option "None" at the bottom of the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it's optional to make a choice, add a neutral option (e.g., "None") so the user can explicitly choose to not select any option.
```

---

> ## Related Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Related components
```

> If your use case doesn't match these guidelines, consider using an alternate component instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your use case doesn't match the guidelines above, consider using one of the following components instead:
```

> -   [Single-Select](#/form/SingleSelectt) if you have more than 7 options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [Single select](#/form/SingleSelect) if you have more than 7 options.
```

> -   [Toggle](#/form/FlatSelect) if you have only two binary options (on/off).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [Toggle](#/form/FlatSelect) if you have two binary options (e.g., on/off).
```
